This is the instruction manual for the Job Scheduler Program.

This program simulates four different scheduling algorithms and their performance with different
processor counts.

To begin, download the file "JobScheduler.py" to a suitable directory if not already located on your device.

Next, ensure the parameters file "jsparams" is located in the same directory as the program.

Then, check that you have Python installed by opening the Terminal and typing the command:

    python

If not, navigate to Python.com using your web browser to download and install the latest version.

Once that is complete, open a new Terminal.

Navigate to the directory containing the file, "JobScheduler.py".

To run the program, type the command:

    python JobScheduler.py jsparams

Hit the ENTER key to start the program.

The user is prompted to enter the number of processors to test with. Enter any integer value.
Incorrect inputs will not be accepted.

Next, choose the scheduling algorithm by following the instructions listed. Enter 1, 2, 3, or 4.
These correspond to First Come First Serve, Shortest Job Next, Shortest Remaining Time, and Round Robin, respectively.
The time quantum for Round Robin is set at 4 ms.
Incorrect inputs will not be accepted.

The program will run simulating cpu cycles for each job, replacing incoming jobs as required by the chosen algorithm.

Afterward, the statistics of each job are shown. The chosen algorithm, number of processors,
and number of jobs is displayed. For each job, the arrival time, finished time, turnaround time, and wait time
is displayed. Then, the average turnaround time and average wait time is displayed.

Finally, the user is prompted to continue. Enter either 0 or 1. Incorrect inputs are not accepted.
If 1 is entered, the program runs a new experiment. If 0 is entered, the program ends.

Below is the syntax for the passed parameters file. The user may edit their file to add or remove jobs.

Each line is a job. The separated values correspond to Job ID, Arrival Time, and CPU Cycle (in ms).

A,0,16
B,3,2
C,5,11
D,9,6
E,10,1
F,12,9
G,14,4
H,16,14
I,17,1
J,19,8

Current Known Bugs:

SJN, SRT, Round Robin produce incorrect values for average wait times and average turnaround times.
